---
toc: True
comments: True
layout: post
title: N@TM Blog
description: N@TM Blog
type: tangibles
courses: {'compsci': {'week': 23}}
---
# BLOG REGARDING ME AND MY TEAM
One of the glows is that us as a team did a really good job with cohesiveness, presentation, and making a project that represents the work that we put in. Our project that we attempted to present was a very good representation of the knowledge we got from APCSP. 
One of the grows is that we need to follow directions a bit better. We did not have a key aspect of the CPT in our Qualification attempt and next time we need to make sure we have met requirements before we try to present a final product. 

From our feedback, we are adding far more database implementation with SQlite into our CPT.



# BLOG OF MY N@TM EXPERIENCE


## Something I saw in compsci that impressed me: Vivid Fusion, and Art Editor
Group Members: 
Jonathan Liu,
Sri Surapaneni,
Soham Kulkarni,
Deva Sasikumar



**Visual Appeal**
Visually, the page displayed on the screen has a large, striking image of a blue sky with clouds and a landscape in the background, which contributes to the theme of creativity and imagination. The color scheme is bright and engaging, with a clear contrast between the sky and the landscape, which can be visually appealing and inspiring. The webpage had a user-friendly interface with navigation options at the top, including a 'Paint Editor' and a 'Sign Up' option. 

**Functionality**
The interface was user-friendly, with responsive navigation that allowed for easy access to its features. The 'Paint Editor' was a standout component, offering a rich array of tools that catered to both novice and advanced artists. Users could choose from a variety of brushes and colors, layer their work, and manipulate images with ease, thanks to the fluidity of the software. The features had really good attention to detail. 

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cv0tHnNrIxcOLXchHG9FGYSMydbMXUdQ/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>


## Something you saw outside of CompSci that you liked was a movie "Monster in the Closet" 

-Alex Zunic

**Visual Appeal**
I really liked the demo card he used, how nicely it was laminated, and the qr code aspect. 
His videos were very well made and high quality as well.

**Physicological Appeal**
The video was very scary and suspense building. It really hooked me when I watched it, which is very hard to do. 

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/17dYtkLnR6HLl0XCa4el60ZJzaOz7Ugjm/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

